Problem solving :
	Writing an original program that performs a particular set of tasks and meets all stated constraints.
	How it isn't done :	--> WASTE OF TIME
		01. Try a solution.
		02. If that doesn’t work, try another one.
		03. If that doesn’t work, repeat step 2 until you luck out.
	Steps in the problem solving process :
		01.	Understand the problem :
			Write down on paper.
			Reword it in plain language until it makes sense.
			Draw diagrams.
			Explain it to someone.
		
		02.	Plan :
			Sketch the user interface.
			Inputs? Where from?
			What outputs?
			Given inputs, steps to desired outputs. --> Algorithm to solve problem.
				Algorithm : Recipe for solving a particular problem in pseoudo code.
		
		03.	Pseudo code :
			Writing out the logic for your program in natural language.
			Pseufocode : Informal high-level description of an algorithm.
			COMMENTS.

	Divide and conquer :
		Decomposition : Problem --> smaller / simpler problems.

	When facing a problem :
		Debug : Go step by step through the solution, trying to find WHERE is the error.
		Reassess : Look from another perspective. Any other, more general approach?
		Sidenote : Start anew.
		Research : Google. Even if you already solved it --> learn from others.
		Caveat : Look for solutions for sub-problems. You have to struggle. If you don't, you  won't learn anything.

	Practice :
		Video-games
		Coding challenges.

	Example --> FizzBuzz :
		01. Reword /Understand :
			Write a program that allows the user to enter a number. Print --> 1 - (user's number).
				For numbers that divide by three, output Fizz instead.
				For numbers that divide by five, output Buzz instead.
				For numbers that divide by both three and five, output FizzBuzz instead.
		02. Plan :
			Interface? 	No.
			Inputs? 	User, from the command line.
			Outputs?	List of numbers from 1 to the user's number. But each number divisible by 3/5/both, outputs Fizz/Buzz/FizzBuzz.
		03. Pseudo code :
			user inputs number
			loop from 1 to the number.
				if number divisible 3, rest zero--> Fizz.
				if number divisible 5, rest zero --> Buzz.
				if number divisible 5 and 3, rest zero --> FizzBuzz.
				otherwise --> number.

